Build out a Diner Menu using JavaScript: https://bottega.devcamp.com/12/guide/2220

Follow the instructions on the guide above. I want you to try using OOP principles to build this out, 
but get it working however you can. Think about your edge cases. If an input is expecting a number but 
gets a string, what happens? etc.

You can use HTML, CSS, and JS to build out the menu. Students have also used alerts in the browser. 
Build it however you see fit.


Essay Questions:

What is MongoDB?
What is a MongoDB Collection?
What is a Document and how do you use them in mongodb?
What is the find() method used for?
What is the .pretty used for?
What is the difference between SQL databases and Mongodb?
How would you add a document in a mongodb database?
How would you use a projection?
How do you run a local instance of mongo?
How would you delete a document?

How do you set varaibles in javascript?
What is javascript hoisting?
List 3 javascript datatypes?
How do you use conditionals in javascript?
What is a switch statement, and how would you use one?
What is a ternary operator?
What is a function?
What is a function argument?
What is the "this" keyword in javascript?
What is a Javascript array?
What is a Javascript object?
List 3 types of javascript loops?
Explain the const variable.
What do you use for modern string interpolation in Javasript?
Explain an arrow function and how you might use one.
What is array destructuring?
What is the javascript spread operator what is it used for?
What is Variable Deconstruction in Javascript?
How does the this keyword work with arrow functions?
How do you pass a javscript object as function arguments by leveraging decontruction?
What is a Javascript Promise?
What is a Javascript fetch Promise and how might you use it?

If you weren't here, watch up to and including:
Implementing Error Handling in a JavaScript Async / Await Function
https://bottega.devcamp.com/12/guide/1348

Keep yourself busy. Try out some code wars challenges to get yourself primed each day.

Code Wars https://www.codewars.com

Code every single day. I can't stress this enough. Go back through and study!

Enjoy your spring break!